Education system needs to be revamped completely in India. There was a time when the transimission of knoledge was done through memorization and through word of mouth mostly. 
But now even though there are unlimited facilities but the teachers themselves are not trained enough to make the  best use of those facilities. 

Is it the fault of the students who choose to study at a private college expecting that they will have all the facilities, labs to work and expect later that they will have a career full of happiness and glory. 

They live in a hope which may or may not become true unless they themselves work hard to get it. 

Education institutes have become a platform for providing placements opportunities like an Human Resource that's all. 
Most of the education systems are not concerned about the way the teaching is happening. Even though some people are good and try their best but they are also helpless against the negative and controlling nature of the few people who run the institute. 

People can be dumb for sometime but not all the time and they have realized this misconception of how education is being imparted. 

The fault is in the system and people who are in the system try to isolate the individuals who ask questions. This trend is more prominent in North parts of India especially. 

So, what is the solution ?

There are n number of institutes available that have come up with to provide education even free of cost and even study from home. 

Some charge some fee and some are rather totally free of cost. 
So, why most of the people are not aware of those institues. They are getting to know about these institutes gradually. 

E.g IIT Madras is providing Bsc computer science ( Data Science ) that is the most in demand skill of current times. Though they charge some amount but that is equivalent to any other collge fees. 

There's Msc in Financial Engineering provided by World Quant university and it's a very good course which is completely free of cost. 

People think if it is free it's of no good but they will be surprised by the way the education is imparted and knowledge is shared. 

So, I think people should think 100 times before enrolling for a toxic institute instead of 'study online' 




